If enough people think of a thing and work hard enough at it, I guess it's pretty nearly bound to happen, wind and weather permitting.

The pleasures of youth pass away, but friend ship will blossom forever.

Once you begin being naughty, it is easier to go on and on, and sooner or later something dreadful happens.

Have confidence in yourself, that's the only way to make other folks have confidence in you.

A storm outdoors is no reason for gloom in the house.

There is nothing in the world so good as good neighbors.

There is no comfort anywhere for anyone who dread to go home.

Good weather never lasts forever on this earth.

To win anything, we must have the ambition to do so.

We must not accept hospitality without making some return.

We'd never get anything fixed to suit us if we waited for things to suit us before we started.

The trouble with organizing a thing is that pretty soon folks get to paying more attention to the organization than to what they're organized for.

A body makes his own luck, be it good or bad.

If you don't want trouble, don't go looking for it.

You got to treat folks right or you don't last long in business, not in this country.

There's no great loss without some small gain.

The life of the earth comes up with a rush in the springtime.

Now is now. It can never be a long time ago.

This earthly life is a battle. If it isn't one thing to contend with, it's another. It always has been so, and it always will be. The sooner you make up your mind to that, the better off you are, and more thankful for your pleasure.

What must be done is best done cheerfully.

The last time always seems sad, but it isn't really. The end of one thing is only the beginning of another.

Laura felt a warmth inside her. It was very small but it was strong. It was steady, like a tiny light in the dark, and it burned very low but no winds could make it flicker because it would not give up.

Never bet your money on another man's game.

Everything is evened up in this world. The rich have their ice in summer, but the poor get theirs in the winter.
